Install docs: Clarify when and how to add repos on SLE (#5987)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

=== Installation

==== Preparations on SLE

> On SLE some repositories have to be added.

Reviewer: I'd phrase it more distinctly from adding repositories (which probably needs to be done in *addition*):
```suggestion
On SLE certain modules have to be enabled.
```

=== Installation

==== Preparations on SLE

On SLE some repositories have to be added.
You can either choose to add the development repositories <<_development_version_repository,as described above>>

> or the official repositories using SUSEConnect by running the following commands.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's a choice to use the development version repository *or* official repositories. A lot of dependencies are only in the SLE module and PackageHub so I don't think those are alternative. How did you come to that conclusion? Did you try it out?
